>> Oh, hey, I'm up.
>> Hello.
>> Welcome everybody. Welcome, Michael.
>> Good to see you.
>> Good to see everybody online.
We're ready to jump in.
>> They call it online,
in the cloud is what they say, Brian.
What they call it. Yes, let's jump into the cloud.
>> We're in the cloud. All right.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes where we
deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is Episode 355 recorded October 3rd, 2023.
I am Brian Okken.
>> I am Michael Kennedy.
>> I almost said the second because I thought we were going to
record yesterday and we didn't, but had it off.
Anyway, welcome everybody.
It's good to have the show.
Thank you everyone for supporting us through
purchasing courses at Talk Python Training or
purchasing the pytest course, of course.
More supporting us on Patreon.
We love Patreon supporters.
If you want to reach us,
reach us through Fosstodon on
Mastodon at MichaelKennedy@BrianAukin@pythonbytes.
If you're listening to this,
you can also join us live sometimes.
We usually are at Tuesdays at 11,
Tuesdays at 11-ish on Pacific time.
Join us and you can just go to
pythonbytes.fm to see the link.
But we have some exciting news.
Yesterday was exciting day. Tell us why.
>> We've been waiting a year for this one.
Python 3.12 is out.
Absolutely. Absolutely big news.
If you look at how much stuff,
it's easy to just go,
what are there's like these four new features I
care about or something along those lines.
It's like, okay, well, there's a new Python.
If you look at the changelog, Brian,
if you look at the what's new and you scroll this,
I threw this into omnivore.app and it said it's
48 minutes of reading to read the what's in this release.
>> Wow. That's a lot.
>> That's a lot of stuff. That's a lot of good things.
I don't even know how much it's even called out in
the what's new because it's a little tricky to put in the,
not new, it's just more.
But the faster CPython initiative,
I think is going strong for 3.12 as it was for 11 and it will be for 13.
So not even covered in the what's new,
I think is Python 3.12 should just be faster.
That's really cool.
>> Yeah.
>> But if you look at the,
it's really nice even though it's 48 minutes of reading.
They do put the headline items at the front here.
So there's new type parameter syntax in PEP 695.
So Brian, how do you like your generics?
>> I haven't thought about it actually.
>> Or your templates.
If you're a C++ guy,
they don't call them generics like C# and Java,
they call them generics but C++ calls them templates.
So Python calls them generics.
We had it before actually.
So this is not new new.
Like there were ways if I scroll down somewhere in this big long list,
there was like a here's how you do it before and here's how you do it now.
Honestly, I mean,
no disrespect to people working on it but it's just not like a thing that I'm going to be focusing.
It's just not a huge deal to me.
It's not something I feel like I'm going to do a lot of maybe.
I feel like most of the places that I would have wanted to use it,
it's kind of like a self-parameter,
sort of takes care of that for me.
But anyway, very exciting for people who do need to use this.
If you're building a library like a package,
possibly this will give you a lot of flexibility for extensions and sensibility and whatnot.
But what do you think? Exciting?
>> I think I'm not excited about it yet but I think I'll be using it probably pretty soon.
>> Yeah. f-strings are all grown up now.
Boy, they can do all the Python.
So f-strings, I don't know if people know,
but f-strings have their own separate implementation,
separate to regular strings and stuff.
A lot of it was done in C. They're really wild.
Because of that, they're somewhat limited in what you can put inside the curly braces.
There's different kinds of expressions.
You can do ternary,
like if tests and you can say like thing dot upper.
As what goes in there,
but you can't write full Python in f-strings.
>> Well, most and the most obvious was you couldn't put
quotes in the little curly between the curly braces,
or you couldn't put the same quotes that you had on the outside.
>> Yeah. I'd always be like, okay,
this one's getting single quotes because the string is a double quote or vice versa.
You have to think it out.
So now it's like a little more free form what can go in there.
I don't know that's initially a recommendation of writing
your app inside the F string,
but it gives you more flexibility.
So there it is. I am super psyched about 648,
which is a unique per interpreter gill, Eric Snow.
Man, you've been on this for a while.
Congratulations in that this is out.
So this has mega possibilities to unlocking multi-threaded performance in Python.
Don't know that it actually has anything to do with threads yet.
I think it's way more manual and maybe even just at the C level.
>> Yeah. It said that the PEP says it's at the C API right now,
3.13 might have a Python API access to it.
>> Yeah. I mean, what I would love is like,
I'm going to create a thread and I'll pass a flag that says,
use your own GIL.
That way, or I'm going to create a thread pool executor and say,
for every thread that you create,
get a new GIL.
That means full-on parallelism in Python.
I mean, I'm sitting here on my-
>> Well, what we're talking about then is basically
forking off a new interpreter from Python.
>> Yes. In a sense,
but without a new process.
>> Okay.
>> Right?
>> Yeah.
>> So-
>> Why not?
>> I don't believe you can share.
Maybe you can share data directly.
I don't think you can share it
directly because it would have to share the GIL.
So I think you've got to serialize the data over,
but you can get better performance if you don't have to start
a bunch of processes potentially and do some message passing.
But here on my M2 Pro Mini,
I have 10 cores and all the Python I want to write,
I'm only going to ever be able to do
one core's worth of work for computational things
unless I go crazy with the no gill,
Cython, or write some C code,
or things like that.
So this has the possibility to take
advantage of modern hardware. Very exciting.
Low-impact monitoring.
So if you want to hook into
events for profiling, debugging type of stuff,
you can do that with less Heisenberg effects.
Also, one of the big things that came in 3.11 was,
did you mean type of recommendations for,
we couldn't import request,
did you mean requests plural?
Things like that. So that's further improved.
There's a buffer protocol which allows
direct access to memory of things like
byte arrays and other low-level items
that you don't have to go through the Python level,
you just go give me the direct access to the memory.
That's cool.
>> Nice.
>> You can have, yeah,
I bet path.path can be subclassed.
That's cool. Hey, OS module gets Windows things.
That's nice. Let's see.
There's a command line interface that adds
a SQLite3 module so you can do
Python-M HTTP server or something along those lines.
You can do that for SQLite now as well,
which is neat. Yeah. This is exciting.
AsyncIO has some improvements with benchmarks showing up to
a 75 percent speed improvement in certain areas,
I'm sure not generally,
but yeah, bunch of other things.
There's also some security updates,
some VAPI, there's performance improvements with
comprehension inlining and there's
a Linux performance profiler.
Yeah, bunch of different things.
That's pretty much the highlights.
I mean, there's some binning.
I'm calling up the standard library like there was
an async chat example implementation type of
thing in the standard library.
So it's not anymore. Good.
Yeah. So that's not there.
But generally, you can look at
some of the things that were deprecated or removed,
but yeah, that pretty much covers a few more type things.
That's your new Python.
>> Awesome.
>> Are you excited? How long do you switch to it?
>> I'm working on it right now, man.
>> Are you?
>> Yeah. So yeah.
I'm going to tell you a story.
>> Okay.
>> So yesterday, I've been
slowly becoming one of
the maintainers for a plugin called pytest Repeat.
So it had been tested up through 3.9, I believe.
But it worked fine on the newer Pythons,
but I just wanted to make sure it was updated.
So I did some things like move
the continuous integration to GitHub Actions.
It was on Travis before,
so I moved it to GitHub Actions.
So 3.12, I wanted to update the test to 3.12.
So this is using Tox.
So I just went through and updated
the Tox.ini file to add 3.12,
I installed it on my machine.
What's the problem? Ran it.
I've created a new virtual environment,
installed Tox, whatever, and ran it.
It blew up.
>> Oh, no.
>> Yeah. What happened is I got this attribute error,
module package util has no attribute.
Importer, did you mean zip importer?
I'm like, I didn't mean any of that stuff.
So no idea.
So I'm trying to figure this out.
Clearly, other people are releasing a 3.12,
they surely have come up with this.
I dug through a long,
I was researching a ton on this.
Basically, I thought there's something weird going on
between pip and Tox and Python 3.12.
Because I knew that the importer thing was deprecated.
I don't know what it is, but I knew it was
deprecated and it was taken out in 3.12, I think.
So it's not there.
Mostly, you don't have to care about it,
except for I ran into this.
So what was happening?
I didn't know.
So I did come up with a fix though,
and I found out this morning what really was going on.
So it's a long story,
but I'll try to make it quick.
The fix I came up with was there was in Tox,
any you can say download equals true.
So when it creates a virtual environment,
it updates to the latest pip.
So what was happening was,
but without that, I was using an older pip.
But I didn't know why.
Why was it using an older pip?
That's the part where I didn't know why.
So this fixed it,
but it's a band-aid.
It's a little bit of an ugly band-aid.
So what's the real fix?
The real fix is Tox uses a package called virtualenv.
So that's not the built-in venv,
it's the third-party package virtualenv.
Virtualenv has some cool features.
One of the things it does is it keeps a little cache
of third-party packages to store to load up.
It doesn't update them all the time.
It does it like, I don't know,
every 14 days or something like that.
It's a slow update thing.
It makes things run faster
because you don't have to keep downloading all the time.
But I had an old pip cached.
So the real fix was I went through,
and I probably didn't have to do the reset,
but I called virtualenv with reset app data
and then did an upgrade.
I probably could have just done the upgrade.
Upgrade embed wheels,
and it updated my pip, cached pip to the latest.
Anyway, so I wrote this article about how I patched it.
I'm going to update it today to say,
the real fix is to clean out your virtualenv pip cache
or virtualenv cache.
So yes, I'm working on updating to 3.12.
(laughs)
- Nice.
Yeah, that's cool.
- I have to shout out to Juergen.
I don't know how to pronounce his last name, J-U-E-R-G-E-N.
Juergen helped me debug the problem today.
So that was awesome.
- Excellent.
One more shout out, Henry Schreiner says,
"The buffer protocol that I described is not new,
but the pure Python version of it, 3.12 is."
- Okay.
- Excellent.
All right, over to you.
- Oh, I just did this.
This is my topic.
- I thought there was just a followup to my topic.
This is your topic.
Okay, excellent.
Yeah, yeah, cool.
All right, let's talk about the present
by talking a bit about the past.
So very exciting news.
The Python developers survey results are out.
It's slightly confusing in that it says
the Python developer survey 2022 results.
Like, wait a minute, it's September, 2023.
Is this last year's one or the...
No, this is the one that just came out on the PSF blog.
They just, on PyFound, they just announced,
like these are finally put together,
they're going to analyze a report from the end of 2022
is now out.
So very exciting and also new.
I did a video on YouTube actually,
where I had a first reaction to it.
So this is a 18 and a half minute video.
I'll link to it.
You can check it out if you want to go deep.
And because this video exists,
we'll just kind of skim it, Brian.
We won't go over too much of it.
But I basically didn't open up or read the survey results
until I hit record for this video.
And then I just dove into it.
People can check that out if they want.
But let's see if we can hit some of the highlights.
General Python usage, 85% of the people who Python,
Python primarily that way.
So it's not like a second language, you know,
but it's mainly what they do, which is pretty cool.
There's a lot of these that add to over a hundred.
So take it for what it is.
And there's also like a little gray,
like a light gray and a dark gray.
I don't know, word or legend.
And that will, they often overlay these things
to show them side by side.
So for example, it says Python usage
with what other language?
Like if you're not, if you're going to use another language,
what do you also use in addition to Python?
Primarily being Python being the main language.
And it has like, this one is the prior year and this year,
again, with the offset by one a little bit.
So guess what the top three are?
JavaScript, HTML and CSS.
Are those languages?
No.
Can you make it, here's a rule for what is a language
in my mind probably.
Can I make a thing that runs on its own
from that set of syntax?
JavaScript, yes.
C++, yes.
Java, yes.
TypeScript, yes.
CSS, no.
But nonetheless, and the reason I make that distinction
is it's like, it's, I feel like it's a trade-off
of like, I do Java or I do Python,
or I could choose one or the other,
but they're not, if it's not interchangeable,
I'm not sure.
I don't know, it's somewhat interesting, but.
- I'm on the fence.
They've got, they're both complicated enough
that I think it takes training to learn it.
So why not?
I mean, I wouldn't think,
I wouldn't think of like any files as a language,
but so they're a lot more complex
than any file or something.
- True.
All right.
So I think I go on that every year.
So the top three languages used along with Python,
three of the four, 'cause there's a combo.
I don't know, I would really call it a separate language,
but anyway, JavaScript, HTML and CSS combined,
and SQL, and those, basically that block tells you,
guess what?
People build web apps with Python, right?
That's what it says here.
And web apps are often five, six, seven different languages.
Which is partly why the web is hard, right?
But there's that.
And then Bash and Shell,
I mean, that kind of speaks to the DevOps
automation side of things.
And then C/C++, Brian, you're kind of down in that realm.
- Yeah, that's most of the half my time.
And that's interesting that that's that large still.
So it's cool.
- Yeah.
I think another thing you would want to consider here,
if you like look at this, is TypeScript and JavaScript.
Those should be the same.
If you would say HTML/CSS,
you should say JavaScript/TypeScript,
which bumps that up even higher, right?
Because TypeScript is just like a better JavaScript.
All right, let's go.
If you're gonna do data science,
most people use SQL as their first language
that they're gonna do.
And yeah, that's interesting.
Let's see.
Some of these things are about like, how do you do work?
I think it's interesting, this one here,
what do you use Python for the most?
Web development, number one,
data analysis and machine learning,
which is kind of like the data science block,
and then other, a whole bunch of other.
And I think, I kind of think of Python
as having a one third, one third, one third
kind of partitioning where the web development,
API development stuff, service functions, all those things.
Live in one third,
and then data science lives in another third,
and then there's like the catch all block
of everything else.
So this kind of says that,
maybe the web development side's a little smaller,
but the end of random section is a little bit bigger.
But roughly, I think that's a good rule of thumb.
- Yeah.
And,
I think finally, legacy Python has been vanquished.
It's been vanquished for three years now.
Python 3 versus Python 2, basically,
it's Python 3.
That's like 94, 95%.
Ironically, it went down a little bit,
to like, Python 2 made a bit of a comeback this year.
Just barely.
- That's interesting.
- It's probably within the variability
of the number of people and the type of people
that responded to the survey
more than it is a real trend.
It's probably like the plus or minus one or two.
Like plus or minus one would account for that,
just to be flat.
- Yeah, that's true.
- Anyway, it's like 95%.
And that last 5%, they're never changing.
(laughing)
You know what I mean?
That's like the 2 million lines of Python 2.
It runs the trading system.
You don't touch it.
Like that kind of thing, right?
- Well, yeah, and I know some people
that have frameworks built up on top
with an embedded Python interpreter
that it has Python 2 inside of it.
And you'd have to completely change
the whole architecture to rip it out
and put the three in there.
Which I say, just throw the whole thing away
and start over.
But, anyway.
(laughing)
- Yeah, I know that.
- We're gonna do the big rewrite.
We're gonna do the big rewrite.
That's actually an incredible joke.
It's not a joke.
It's a parody video.
Like music video song.
We're gonna do the big rewrite.
Maybe I'll put it in the show notes.
It's not the joke for this week,
but boy, it should be.
It's good.
All right, let's see.
I think that's...
I'll probably leave it at that.
I'll let people look through here.
But like you mentioned, Virtual EMV,
that's number one there.
What do you wanna cover?
- Unit testing frameworks.
- Oh, is that a question here?
Let's see.
Just kidding.
(laughing)
- So, yep, 51% by test.
Yay!
Coming in second, 35%, none.
This is a problem, people.
(laughing)
- Yeah, the second most popular framework.
- Is none.
- It's to not ask the question.
And I think unit test is largely there
because you don't want dependencies, right?
If you've got a whole bit of code
that's only standard library,
and you wanna have a couple of tests for it,
that makes a lot of sense
to just not add a dependency potentially.
- Well, so, and I also gotta talk with the JetBrains and PSF
and have them change this question
because unit testing framework,
I think you mean automated testing framework
because it might not be a unit test
and people get confused by that maybe.
I don't know.
- Yeah, potentially.
All right.
(laughing)
- Okay, so what's next?
- There's some interesting comments
out in the live chat here about like,
we will not be in a build system.
Tox is not a unit testing framework.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Does Turing complete make CSS a language?
- Is CSS Turing complete?
If it is, then yeah, totally.
I think it does,
but I don't remember what Turing means anymore,
specifically.
I mean, I kind of do, but yeah.
My rule of thumb is, can I make a thing that runs with that?
I don't know, but that's the Michael rule, the Michael rule.
But anyway, yeah, onto the next one for you.
- The next is brought to us by Henry Schreiner,
who's in the audience.
Say Henry, thanks for putting this together
and also letting us know about it.
So we've got the scientific Python development guide.
This is a big guy.
So this is really cool actually.
So this is, we're gonna post both the announcement post
and a link to the guide,
but it's both the same place, blog scientificpython.org.
And then there's a learn scientificpython.org.
So this is pretty awesome.
It's very comprehensive too.
So this may have,
this must've taken a while to put together.
So you've got basically like how to use,
how to develop in Python for scientific people.
And it's pretty comprehensive.
I didn't go through too much, but I was like,
let's look at some of the tutorials to see what we got.
And intro to development, that's nice.
I was curious what they were doing for packaging
because it's kind of one of those things I follow.
And the packaging tutorial is pretty great.
It touches on a whole bunch of stuff.
At first, it's just talking about how to use package,
how to use Python packages,
but then it's got a packaging guide
where there's two forms of packaging.
You've got simple packaging
and I'm glad they split this up
because if you just have a bunch of Python stuff
you're sharing, you just need simple packaging.
Goes through Hatchling, Flitcore, PDM backend,
which I haven't played with,
but setup tools I've used three of the four so far.
And I like that it highlighted that really,
if you click through,
all of the project table stuff just stays the same.
And mostly what changes is you just change
the build system settings.
Pretty awesome.
But for scientific,
you kind of have some complicated stuff too.
So this is great.
We've got descriptions on how to do package,
Python packages with C++ and Fortran and C
and there's CMake, there's Mazon
and Rust with Cargo with Maturin
and then Ensconce.
I haven't played with that,
but really great stuff.
And then it even, it talks about classic packaging,
but don't do that.
Stick with the compiled packaging or simple packaging.
That's what you want.
This is a great write-up.
So thanks, Henry.
And probably lots of other people working in this too.
But if you wrote it all yourself, I'm pretty impressed.
But anyway, pretty cool.
- Yeah, that's a good one.
Learning how to package up these,
your packages is really cool.
Also doing things like entry points.
So you basically, once you pipX install something,
it becomes a command line.
- Oh yeah.
- Capability is really awesome as well.
There's a lot of neat things about packaging
that I think not everyone is like,
oh, I don't want to put it into PyPI and have it open source.
Oh, maybe there's other interesting aspects still
I'm sharing internally.
- Nice.
I hadn't checked out,
it was kind of daring to do it live,
but I checked out the test section
and yay, they talk about pytest.
So I haven't checked out their pytest guide, but good job.
- We didn't just suggest none, the none framework.
- None.
We suggest not testing.
- The world's simplest way to write tests.
Don't.
What about extras?
You feeling extra?
- I am feeling extra.
Do you want me to cover mine while I'm already up?
- Yeah, go for it.
- Just, I was gonna like do this extra attribute thing
as an extra, but decided to just run with it.
The quick extra is,
continuing to work on the course,
chapter eight is up, configuration files.
It's a short one, but please don't skip it.
It will mess you up if you don't understand this.
So just a few minutes to cover some configuration.
And one of the questions I always get is,
what are the Dunder and Net files mean
within a test directory?
And I'm gonna keep it a secret.
You gotta watch the course.
But it's, they're good things.
- And you're making good progress on this.
- I am, and it's a blast.
I'm getting great feedback from people.
Some people from PyBytes are reviewing it
and giving me feedback.
Some people from JetBrains.
It's been a really good community there.
So.
- Cool.
- How about extras from you?
- Well, I have some Mastodon extras.
And I came across Mona, M-O-N-A app,
which is a really cool,
really cool client for Mastodon.
I believe that this is Mac only, yeah.
Optimized for voiced over, optimized for Mac,
native design, iPhone, iPad, and Mac.
So sorry for people not on that one.
But if you're on these, this is really, really nice.
I tried Ivory.
I know you and I spoke about it a couple weeks ago,
maybe off air, but Ivory drives me crazy.
It's like the big recommendation everyone has.
And this is super nice.
It has a free version,
or you can pay like $15 once forever,
and then you have it.
Which is kind of nice.
So people can check that out.
I think I'm gonna move to that.
Another thing that we talked about the other day, Brian,
is why are these like weird domains so expensive, right?
Like we have pythonbytes.fm.
And to renew pythonbytes.fm is $170 a year.
I'm like, why didn't we just go with .com?
Like what were we thinking?
Come on people.
We should have just done .com.
But you know, when we came up with pythonbytes,
when we started it,
the .fm was all the rage for all the podcasts.
So there it is.
And it's not a huge deal,
but we were talking about where does that money go?
And the biggest winner of these is the .ai, right?
There's so many .ai domains these days, right?
With all the AI startups.
And it turns out that the island of Anguilla
is a tiny British territory with around 16,000 inhabitants.
But its domain name is .ai.
And so the software developer who manages the domain
told Bloomberg it could generate $30 million
for this 10% of the GDP of this tiny island
because of the .ai domain.
Anyway, I just thought that was interesting
and I'll just throw this in as an extra.
- What's the .fm do you know?
- I don't know actually.
It's a really good question.
Okay, onto the next one.
Yeah, Vivaldi, we're both Vivaldi fans.
And I really like a lot of things about Vivaldi.
It got a lot faster on the desktop recently,
which is super cool.
So now it's super, super fast.
Not the kind of thing you can demonstrate well
over screen sharing
'cause the latency of the screen sharing outweighs the...
- Yeah.
- But it has not been on iOS.
And now finally, finally, finally, it is out on iOS.
How exciting.
- Yeah, I've just downloaded it recently.
I'm loving it.
- Yeah, so five days ago it came out.
I've had it on my Android phone and I'm just like,
ah, why don't I have this on my iPhone?
This is in my iPad.
It makes me sad.
And I know people say, Michael, Apple's evil.
This is really just WebKit wrapped in a Vivaldi shell.
And yes, I know, I know.
Thank you for letting me know again.
I know that.
- Is it?
- However, it's still really nice
that if I open up Vivaldi,
I could say, carry on where I was on my other machine.
Show me the history from my Mac or from my Windows machine
or from my other, right?
The synchronizing is awesome.
And the ad blocking is like next level.
So if you go over here, you go to the ad blocking section,
you can say block trackers and ads.
Yes, that's cool.
But you can actually go through
and check off a whole bunch of additional sources
for tracking and blocking.
So you can say, I want the easy list
and I want ads from, allow ads from partners.
You can uncheck that if you want.
You want the ABP anti-circumvention list
and a whole bunch of others.
And you can even add, if you run like a pie hole,
you can even add your own blocking list for ads and stuff.
So like super, super cool.
Sync plus ad blocking.
I know it's WebKit, I wish it weren't,
but you know, it's better than not.
So there it is.
- Yeah, but I mean, it isn't really,
I'm not, I don't really care what the, maybe I should,
but I don't really care what the rendering engine is
and all that stuff.
It's the, who's taking the data and sharing it with who
is the part that I really care about.
- Yeah, of course.
And this checks that box, right?
- Yeah.
- I do hate when you go to a place and it goes,
you need to have Chrome to have the best experience.
You're like, there's no way I can have Chrome
on this device, you know what I mean?
- I have, I brought in a guy to interview once
because I was intrigued that his website said,
his personal website said,
best if viewed with Netscape Navigator.
And that's awesome. - Oh, I love it.
- So I love that little,
and it even had like the animated little globe thing
that was going on.
- Oh yeah, the little, like the little,
like a ship steering wheel, remember that?
Oh my God, those were good times.
- Yeah, it was great.
- Yeah, David out in the audience says,
better rated states of Micronesia, apparently.
- That's what .fm is.
- Yes, exactly.
- Nice, thanks David.
I love having guests here helping us out.
- I know, it's awesome.
Our audience is excellent.
All right, you ready for a joke?
Those are all my extras.
- I am ready for a joke.
- All right, let me set the stage.
So there was the JFK speech, right?
About going to the moon in the early sixties.
And it was like, you know,
and Sir Edmund Hillary was asked,
why did he climb Everest?
He said, because it was there.
And the moon is there and the stars are there.
And we're gonna climb it, not because it is easy,
but because it is hard, right?
Like that, something like that.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
- I'll do that again, that was fun.
- No, we do these, we choose to do these things
and the others, not because they're easy,
but because they're hard.
No, the joke is, this is the software one.
We do this, not because it is easy,
but because we thought it would be easy.
- Exactly.
- Dang it, why is it still three months
and we're rewriting this section?
It was supposed to take a week.
What a bad idea.
We do this not because it's easy,
but because we thought it'd be easy.
- Okay, so David shares with us,
there's the oldschool.am domain for Armenia.
- Not am, instead of FM.
- Should we retire the FM and go like talk radio AM?
We could put like a phonography type of filter
on our voices and make it sound like staticky and timmy.
- Would be great is to, yeah, do a filter
and have like both, have the AM and FM versions.
(laughing)
Have it sound like--
- You could simulate going through a tunnel
and it would get like a little staticky
and then come back just periodically, right?
Why not?
- Yeah, it'd filter the high end and low end.
So there's just like the mid range and that's it.
- I love it.
I love it.
- 'Cause with the AM,
you have to have the bad car speakers also.
- Oh yeah.
- Anyway.
(laughing)
Nice, cool.
Well, thanks again for a wonderful episode.
Thanks everybody for jumping in
and sharing their knowledge.